“Bringing Your Trophy Back to Life”

“When selecting a taxidermist, it is important that you can feel comfortable with the person you leave your trophy with.”

“Contact us today and speak with Wayne about your next trophy.”

“Below are a list of our Policies and Procedures which we must adhere to ensure no legal issues may arise upon completing your trophy.”

“He works effectively to meet the deadlines of his customers; hoping to please them by bringing their trophy back to life.”

“The quality we offer really brings your trophy back to life.”

“THERE’S A STORY BEHIND EVERY TROPHY”

“No two stories are the same. You remember it vividly.”

“It is a moment that is uniquely yours.”

“At Advanced Taxidermy our passion is helping you bring your glorious moment back to life.”

“If you’re thinking about having your story captured forever, check out some of the stories we’ve captured in our fish gallery, mammal gallery, and bird gallery.”

“SO LIFE LIKE YOU’LL SEAR YOU JUST SAW IT MOVE”

“You will need to get the bird to us as soon as possible.”

“Our mounts are so realistic they beg to be touched.”

“As a serious hunter, I know the value of trophies taken. Every mount is done with great care and artistic thought. My goal is your satisfaction.”

“With over 30 years experience you can trust your trophy will be brought back to life before your eyes.”

“Put your trophies in the hands of the professionals!”

“Your trophy is of great pride and brings back memories of your hunt.”

“There would be very unpleasant consequences if your trophy ended up in the hands of an inexperienced taxidermist who cannot be held liable for incorrect treatment of your trophy.”

“For many of our customers, we manage and coordinate the entire ”battle” process of repatriation of trophies from all over the world and delivery to the door of the finished trophy mounts.”

“It is important that you know what to do in the field when you have successfully taken down your trophy.”

“Now your trophy is ready to be frozen.”


